Instructions to install mysql yum repo and disable mysql module (#4322)
mattermost/docs: source/install/install-rhel-8-mysql.rst

Install and set up the database for use by the Mattermost server. You can install either MySQL or PostgreSQL.

**To install MySQL on RHEL 8**

1. Log in to the server that will host the database, and open a terminal window.

2. Install MySQL.

.. note::
 

>   If you have additional questions for the process reference the MySQL docs `here <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-repo-excerpt/5.6/en/linux-installation-yum-repo.html>`_ that matches your system. If your RHEL is a fresh install, you'll need to add the `MySQL Yum repository <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-repo-excerpt/5.6/en/linux-installation-yum-repo.html>`_. You can also use the MySQL repo - https://repo.mysql.com/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you have additional questions about the process reference the MySQL docs `here <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-repo-excerpt/5.6/en/linux-installation-yum-repo.html>`_ that matches your system. If your RHEL is a fresh install, you'll need to add the `MySQL Yum repository <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-repo-excerpt/5.6/en/linux-installation-yum-repo.html>`_. You can also use the MySQL repo - https://repo.mysql.com/.
```

3. Download the latest release package using wget:

  ``wget https://dev.mysql.com/get/mysql80-community-release-el8-1.noarch.rpm``
        

> 4. Once downloaded, install it: ``sudo yum localinstall platform-and-version-specific-package-name.rpm``. This will be the rpm package you installed in step 2. Now run a `sudo yum update`, this could take some time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Once downloaded, install it: ``sudo yum localinstall platform-and-version-specific-package-name.rpm``. This will be the rpm package you installed in step 2. Now run a ``sudo yum update``, this could take some time.
```

2. Install MySQL.

  .. note::

>     If you have additional questions for the process reference the MySQL docs `here <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-repo-excerpt/5.6/en/linux-installation-yum-repo.html>`_ that matches your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have additional questions about the process reference the MySQL docs `here <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-repo-excerpt/5.6/en/linux-installation-yum-repo.html>`_ that match your system.
```

2. Install MySQL.

  .. note::

>     1. If your RHEL is a fresh install, you will need to add the [MySQL Yum repository](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-repo-excerpt/5.6/en/linux-installation-yum-repo.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If your RHEL is a fresh install, you'll need to add the `MySQL Yum repository <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-repo-excerpt/5.6/en/linux-installation-yum-repo.html>`_.
```

>     2. You can download the release package (make sure you get the latest one) file with wget (wget "https://dev.mysql.com/get/mysql80-community-release-el8-1.noarch.rpm").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Download the latest release package using wget: `wget "https://dev.mysql.com/get/mysql80-community-release-el8-1.noarch.rpm")`.
```

>     3. Once it's downloaded, you can install it with: `sudo yum localinstall platform-and-version-specific-package-name.rpm`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Once downloaded, install it: `sudo yum localinstall platform-and-version-specific-package-name.rpm`
```

>     4. Next disable the system mysql: `sudo yum module disable mysql` and then install mysql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Next disable the system MySQL: `sudo yum module disable mysql` and then install MySQL.
```

Reviewer: Question: Step 3 mentions installing the downloaded file. Is there another file that needs to be installed as per the second half of this step? Or is it already completed?

Author: In Step 2, the `rpm` file needs to be downloaded. For me it was called `mysql80-community-release-el8-1.noarch.rpm`. In step 3, the file downloaded in step 2 needs to be installed. So in other words:

platform-and-version-specific-package-name = mysql80-community-release-el8-1.noarch.rpm

I didn't know whether to use the exact filename, or leave it 'platform-and-version-specific', so I ended up choosing the worst option and using a combination of both. I agree this is confusing, so we should pick one, perhaps the exact filename? I'm fine with both.
